That sounds like
some pseudo-religious cult.
You people don't understand.
You'll never understand.
You're all vermin
living without any ideology!
So how can you
possibly understand us?
Now I can see.
I feel…
so bad for you.
I… pity you.
Eung-cheol and Gyeok-chan are…
I'm sure they killed them.
Like pawns they're done using.
Once you get to Qingdao,
you should leave for somewhere safer.
You take it.
Comrade Kang.
If you have this,
they won't try to kill you rashly.
If it can save your life,
that's enough for me.
You need it to live a comfortable life.
Don't make my heart
heavier than it already is.
Eung-cheol, Gyeok-chan, and I
are all branded traitors,
so our families must be in danger.
Please get them
out of the country for us…
and help them live comfortably.
I will.
I will keep that promise no matter what.
Thank you.
My name is Eun-hye.
Kim Eun-hye.
I hope…
you live an ordinary, happy life
as Kim Eun-hye,
leaving behind the lives
you lived as Kang Cheong-ya
and Moran Hill 1.
And I…
GIVE BACK MY DAUGHTER
STOP THIS EVIL MASSACRE